Update release notes for 24.2 (#16742)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: WooCommerce/Resources/release_notes.txt

> This update improves dashboard onboarding when switching between stores, ensures barcode scanning works seamlessly in Point of Sale after payments, and enhances media library reliability. Update now for a smoother store management experience!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update shows store setup tasks more reliably, ensures barcode scanning works seamlessly in Point of Sale, and enhances media library reliability. Update now for a smoother store management experience!
```
